Add a new page - Why choose Apps? (#539)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/apps/why-apps-over-connectors.md

> # Why should you choose an App over a connector?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Why should you choose developing an App over a connector?
```

Both connectors and Apps use the OAuth standard. However, there are some significant differences.

## Automatic configuration instead of manual configuration

> ### Connectors are using Akeneo PIM connections to get credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Connectors use Akeneo PIM connections to get credentials
```

The user who connects Akeneo PIM with a connector must create a connection and manually configure authorizations and permissions. Then, they copy/paste generated API credentials from the PIM UI to the connector. 

### Apps are using the Connect feature

> When a user connects Akeneo PIM with an App, they click on the Connect button then follow the step-by-step activation process to accept requested authorizations and set up permissions. The App receives everything it needs to interact with Akeneo PIM at the end of this process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user connects Akeneo PIM with an App, they click on Connect then follow the step-by-step activation process to accept requested authorizations and set up permissions. The App receives everything it needs to interact with Akeneo PIM at the end of this process.
```

No more manual configuration issues and more transparency!

## High visibility

> We give your App high visibility when you publish an App on our [Marketplace](https://marketplace.akeneo.com/). Your App displays on top of all connectors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We give your App high visibility when you publish an App on our [Marketplace](https://marketplace.akeneo.com/). Your App is displayed above all connectors. 
```

> We also give high visibility on Apps to our Akeneo PIM users. To do so, we created a dedicated section to highlight them in the PIM marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also give high visibility to Apps to our Akeneo PIM users. To do so, we created a dedicated section to highlight them in the PIM marketplace.
```

![PIM marketplace](../img/apps/pim-marketplace-with-apps.png)

## Akeneo promotion

Akeneo promotes Apps, and all our internal teams believe in Apps and their future. Publish an App, and when we detect a customer who might need it, we will tell them about you.

Also, we will communicate about new Apps published on our Marketplace all along the year.

> ## Prepare the future now!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## This is just the beginning!
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Akeneo promotes Apps and will communicate about new Apps published on its Marketplace.
```

> This is just the beginning. Our team will continue to develop new features for you to ease and accelerate the App development and publication in the coming year. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Akeneo teams are also investing in Apps by developing new features for you to ease and accelerate App development and publication in the coming years. 
```

> And even if we already have a lot of ideas, get ready to hear about us! 🎙️

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And we are going to need your input so get ready to hear about us! 🎙️
```
